Written by: Bochis Alexandra, Bindiu Alexandru, Bercea Matei, Barliga Filip, Bene Ionut, Berbecar Razvan

P135
The tunnel continues north until at last you arrive at a junction. If you wish to crawl west, turn to 284. If you wish to crawl east, turn to 151.

P71
On pulling back the curtain you see a tiny green-skinned creature with large head. He has a long nose and pointed ears and wears brown canvas clothing. 
On seeing you enter the cave he takes a stone hammer and smashes the clay hand.He is gremling chief and jumps to his feet to face you with his hammer. You must fight him.
Gremlin    Skill 5    Stamina 5
DUring each Attack Round you must reduce your Attack Strength by 3 because of you cramped fighting position. If you win, turn to 273

P284
You soon arrive at another junction in the tunnel. If you wish to head north, turn 81. If you wish to head south, turn to 270. OR Secret option 105.

P270
The tunnel ends at a cave entrance. On entering the cave you see that the roof is no higher than the tunnel and you are unable to stand up. The cave is the lair of an intelligent creature, for it contains small pieces of furniture. There is a wooden box just over a metre in length at the back of the cave.
If you wish to lift the lid of the box, turn to 229.
If you wish to turn round and return to the junction in the tunnel, turn to 121.

P151
The tunnel ends at a cave entrance. A curtain hangs over the entrance and you are unable to see inside. If you wish to throw back the curtain and enter the cave, turn to 71. If you wish to turn round and return to the juntion int the tunnel, turn to 296.

P105
In the distance to the right of the path you see large birds circling in the sky. As you get closer you recognize them as vultures. If you wish to step off the path to see what or whom the vultures are interested in, turn to 384. If you wish to ignore the vultures and continue walking north, turn to 394.

P81
Ahead you hear high pitched voices frantically calling each other. The tunnel ends at a small cave entrance. Suddenly an arrow flies out of the cave towards you. Test your luck. If you are Lucky, the arrow whistles oast your head (turn to 49). If you are Unlucky, it lodges in your shoulder (turn to 4).

P296
Back at the junction you may either crawl south back tot he well(398) or continue west(284). or Secret option 157.

P157
To the left of your path you notice a large hole in the ground with a diameter of three meters. Walking over to the edge of the hole you see it sloping off into the depths of the earth. If you wish to walk down into the hole, turn to 125. If you prefer to continue walking northwards up the path, turn to 337.

P273
You take the medallion from the neck of the fallen Gremlin. It is made of gold and is worth 9 Gold Pieces. 
There is nothing else of use or value in the cave. There is no other exit from the cave and you must crawl 
back down the tunnel to the junction - turn to 296.

P166
The friar smiles and says 'Bless you'. He bows and sets off south along the path, whistling as he goes.

P167
The weyverns long tail swishes from side to side and smoke curls up from its nostrils. You draw sword and prepare to fight this fearsome monster.

P4
Loss 4 Stamina points. If you are still alive you manage to pull the arrow from your shoulder although the pain is agonizing. If you still wish to enter the cave,
turn to 49. If you wish to crawl back to the junction, turn to 93.

P49
You press on down the tunnel into the cave entrance. The roof of the cave is no higher than the tunnel and you are unable to stand up.
YOu fight to Gremlins one at a time but must reduce your Attack Strength by 3 for each round of combat because you are fighting on your
hands and knees. If you win, turn to 371.

P189
The green topped fungi are being watered by two of the humaoinds. if you want to eat some of the fungus turn to 269. if you wish to leave the cavern by the steps on the far wall, turn to 293.

P190
Ahead you hear the thumping of heavy footsteps and the noise of brances breaking. It sounds as though some huge creature is coming down the path towards you. If you wish to face the beast turrn to 265. If you would rather hide in the bushes off the path turn to 318. 

